{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Noodle Bar\
\
\
We serve authentic noodles using organic ingredients from rural asia.\
\
Take a look at our menu.\
\
\
What we do\
\
\
We are a resturant that specializes in noodles. Our noodles are made from organic egg, wheat flour, spring water and are freshly prepared every day. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, in latine definitionem eam, at idque tantas pertinacia mei. Enim copiosae periculis mea ea, per at virtute suscipit. Te viris reprimique has, ex sit utamur platonem. Soleat nostrud his ex, an aeque cetero adolescens has. Te prompta docendi ullamcorper pri. Ut eam elit nullam ocurreret. Per ut wisi consequat, in libris forensibus eos, est facete melius habemus in.\
\
Enim copiosae periculis mea ea, per at virtute suscipit. Te viris reprimique has, ex sit utamur platonem. Soleat nostrud his ex, an aeque cetero adolescens has. We've often been called the the east of the west. Enim copiosae periculis mea ea, per at virtute suscipit. Te viris reprimique has, ex sit utamur platonem. Soleat nostrud his ex, an aeque cetero adolescens has. Te prompta docendi ullamcorper pri. Ut eam elit nullam ocurreret. Per ut wisi consequat, in libris forensibus eos, est facete melius habemus in.\
\
\
What Others Are Saying\
\
\
NoodleBar is one of the best places to eat. They have the best Shian Thai I've ever tasted and their prices aren't too bad either! Sam Worth.\
\
Never have I had the pleasure of tasting such devine noodles. At the precipuss of inhalation, a cohort of sensations hit my nose and mouth like fireworks on a night sky. The resulting mouthful was, needless to say, ecstatic. Bravo NoodleBar, bravo. Emma Dington.\
\
Loved the food and for the money, it was perfect. I'll be coming back again! Jaz DeMac.\
}